Astro on Azure powered by AKS (#4745)
Azure/AKS: blog/_posts/2025-01-20-annouce-airflow-howto.md

You will also explore the Apache Airflow UI, where you can monitor and manage your workflows in Airflow running on AKS. Whether you're new to Airflow or looking to deploy your existing setup on AKS, this guide has something for everyone.

## Apache Airflow on Astro, Powered on Azure by AKS

For customers needing commercial support for Airflow on AKS, look to our partner [Astro](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/partner-solutions/astronomer/overview) available today as an [Azure Native ISV Service](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/partner-solutions/) powered on Azure by AKS!

Astro by [Astronomer.io](https://www.astronomer.io/) is an industry-leading DataOps platform. Powered by Apache Airflow, Astro dramatically reduces costs, increases productivity, and reliably powers customers most critical data pipelines. Astronomer also drives all Apache Airflow releases and has contributed over 55% of Apache Airflow open source code. Astronomer also maintains learning material for Airflow connectors to Azure from Astro such as [Azure Blob Storage](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/learn/connections/azure-blob-storage/).

> You can find Apache Airflow on Astro – An Azure Native ISV Service in the [Azure portal](https://ms.portal.azure.com/?Azure_Marketplace_Astronomer_assettypeoptions=%7B%22Astronomer%22%3A%7B%22options%22%3A%22%22%7D%7D#browse/Astronomer.Astro%2Forganizations) or get it on [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps/astronomer1591719760654.astronomer?tab=Overview0)

Reviewer: The portal link seems to be broken. I took a stab at getting the public portal URL.

```suggestion
You can find Apache Airflow on Astro – An Azure Native ISV Service in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/Microsoft_Azure_Marketplace/GalleryItemDetailsBladeNopdl/id/astronomer1591719760654.astro) or get it on [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps/astronomer1591719760654.astronomer?tab=Overview0)
```
